Web vitals  terminology

TTFB - Time to first Byte - Time taken for the client side to receive first byte of content (CSR < SSR)
In CSR initailly the server has to render the static index.html that's why TTFB is less

FP - First Paint - Time when first pixel was visible to user
CSR - When browser renders the static index.html. Show blank screen until the whole js is loaded

FCP - First Contentful Paint - Time taken for the first piece of content to be visible
CSR - When browser executes the JS

Time to interactive - Time at which the page becomes interactive and reliably responds to user events
CSR - After FCP when JS is executed

LCP - Largest Contentful Paint - The time it takes for the main content of page to be visbile
CSR - After fetching the data from api required in the screen

https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/server-side-rendering-vs-client-understanding-anbarasan-rathinam/

CSR - Client side rendering
1. The browser generates the HTML file and renders it on the user’s screen.
3. Fast initial loading - less TTFB
4. Mostly used for static content. e.g: blogs

Advantages:
1. Comprised of just static files, it can easily be served via just a CDN
2. Allows us to have navigations wothout full page reload
3. The fast TTFB allows browsers to immediately start loading assets like fonts, CSS, JavaScript etc.

Disadvantages:
5. Users need to download and execute the JS to be able to view the page
6. Web crawlers might not wait long enough for client side waterfalls to finish
7. Data Fetching will be dependent on the client's network condition

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SSR - Server side rendering
1. Server prepares the HTML and sends it to the browser. The browser receives the complete HTML file and displays it to the user.
2. Slow initial loading as it needs to fetch the HTML from server - TTFB is more than CSR
2. Clients requests the JS -> Afrer hydration app becomes interactive
3. Used for better user experience as page reload is not a good user experience


While both SSR and CSR have their own benefits and drawbacks, it is important to consider the specific needs of a website before deciding which approach to use. The decision should be based on the balance between performance, SEO, security, and user experience that is required for the website.
For websites with a lot of static content and a focus on SEO, SSR is generally the better option. For websites with a lot of dynamic content and a focus on user experience, CSR is often the better choice.