Latest questions:
Write a Custom hook in react
Memoize function in js
Questions based on clouser and react
HTML, CSS, JS, Polyfills, closures 2. Currying implementation 3. Machine coding round with there interview panel(debounce, filter polyfil) 4. I was asked in-depth questions about projects, optimization of build, webpack core
js, react, redux, bundlers
local storage, session storage
How do you create your own promise
Javascript Basics( went deep into the basics like bind ,classes , prototypes , polyfills for Promise)
Polyfill for Array.reduce 2. Output based questions in JS using setTimeout and Promise.resolve 3. Event Loop, micro task and macro task theoritical questions 4. Deep dive into the the work you mentioned in your CV.
 React program for stopwatch 2, Event bubbling and event capturing 3. Difference between web workers and service workers 4. Difference between Promise and async-await
Write is debounce and throttle.



Coding question :: https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/
Binary search question


UI Building:
Create a Todo app in React
Design an E-commerce Checkout Cart. 2. Build a Timer with Start,Stop,Continue and Reset. 3. Polyfills



Given an array consisting of integers -1, 1, 0 and your target is to print all subarrays having sum 0.
They had 3 rounds: 1 -> BarRaiser: DSA 2 -> JS/ReactJS + one HTML/CSS Exercise 3 -> LLD 4 -> HLD and covered many concepts like performance, security, microfrontend
ReactJS -> places 9 cards and change the color on click of the each card JS -> prototypes, polyfills HTML/CSS Exercise -> create a sudoku type structure Thoroughly practise high level design with all key concepts of react in detail
Asked to implement Promise related functions
React application based on consuming some open APIs
Implement Polyfill for some inbuilt JS questions
design LLD for "Google Sheet" within 40minutes
1. find the largest palindrome in the string. 2. design book my show app for movie ticker booking.



Given an array of api's, make api calls synchronously one after another each. Once all completed, execute a callback. Similar to Promise.all but just that all promises has to be resolved synchronously.
Merge two sorted linked list
There is a sorted integer array containing +ve and -ve numbers, you need to store the square of numbers in a sorted way
smallest palindrome substring in String
Asked to design JS event loop where async event will take priority over main thread.
What is inorder traversal? What is postorder traversal?
1st puzzle: 8 balls are there, out of which only one has a different weight; what are the minimum moves to find it?
Bfs
Greedy
Find the maximum product path in a 2D Array
a) Detecting cycle in a linked list b) Reversing Linked list in groups of k Question on OS like scheduling , Dining Philosophers etc. Graph question of hopping
Heapify implement ation and walk through the process




1. Write a polyfill for promise all.
2. Reverse Linked List, Delete Node from BST
3. Basics of Javascript
4. project using React, JavaScript. What is your experience with React? Explain a front end project and the choices you made.
5. Given an array of api's, make api calls synchronously one after another each. Once all completed, execute a callback. Similar to Promise.all but just that all promises has to be resolved synchronously. - https://chatgpt.com/c/68222aef-fafc-800c-aa78-6d2ad3fa4d6e
6. dsa question
7. js react redux
8. flattening an object using recursion - ?
9. How javascript works, like the execution context and other theoretical questions like how async is handled and executed.
10. Question about es6 array methods
11. https://akash-kumar916.medium.com/tekion-corp-interview-experience-offcampus-2bc63f1267c5
12. https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-experience/1709335/Tekion-or-Associate-Software-Engineer-Frontend-or-Jan-2022-or-Selected
13. closures, async apis, hoisting
14. Unnest objects in a nested JS object to the same level.
15. https://www.codingninjas.com/studio/interview-experiences/tekion-corp/tekion-corp-interview-experience-by-dhruv-kaushal-may-2022-exp-0-2-years
16. Discussion around the architecture of Redux
17. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tekion-interview-experience/

// Problems
1. Given an unsorted array, find and remove the element after which it will be sorted.
2. In the given string, remove all duplicate words ( Handled all corner cases )
3. implement deepCopy
4. DSA - two sum problem with and without sorted array



// 3rd round
Third round Managerial round 1. What acccording to you is an ideal team? 2. What is the most challenging task you faced in your work experience and how did you solve it? Any many more questions around behaviour.